Add migration section for deprecated update where (#250)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/migration/index.adoc

  title: String! @private
}
----

=== Deprecated `where` field in `update` input

> The `where` field for nested update operations has been deprecated to be moved within the `update` input field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `where` field for nested update operations has been deprecated to be moved inside the `update` input field.
```

> The `where` in its deprecated location is a no-op for all nested operations apart from `update`.

Reviewer: what does this mean exactly?
`where` does nothing in deprecated locations unless it's for `update`?

Author: Indeed, that's correct!

For example, the following mutation is using the deprecated syntax:

```graphql
mutation {
    updateUsers(
        where: { name: { eq: "Darrell" } }
        update: {
            posts: {

>                 where: { node: { title: { eq: "Version 6 Release Notes" } } }
>                 update: { node: { title: { set: "Version 6 Release Announcement" } } }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                where: { node: { title: { eq: "Version 6 release notes" } } }
                update: { node: { title: { set: "Version 6 release announcement" } } }
```

            }
        }
    )
}
```

> It should be modified to move the `where` inside the `update` operation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the mutation to move the `where` inside the `update` operation:
```

```graphql
mutation {
    updateUsers(
        where: { name: { eq: "Darrell" } }
        update: {
            posts: {
                update: {

>                     where: { node: { title: { eq: "Version 6 Release Notes" } } }
>                     node: { title: { set: "Version 6 Release Announcement" } }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    where: { node: { title: { eq: "Version 6 release notes" } } }
                    node: { title: { set: "Version 6 release announcement" } }
```
